know if you can interview the
head at nasa you do it alright
and but I think Charlie Bolden
poll owed me a couple
I wonder what exactly but some I
feel like Zeist
our talk to nasa for so much in
my professional life I think the
time nasa did some
for so iight said I want to
Charlie
early on General Charles Bolden
Jeff
he's a brigadier general from US
Marine Corps
and Ashton and he was on the
shuttle mission that deployed
the hubble space telescope and
he's had at nasa
that central casting writer to
the console go ahead ask
there it is every property
and so for my interview with
Charlie Bolden
params I were tied it has
mission passions
more conditions fun
for your the kitchen I get this
so yeah I went to nasa to
interview him there and then we
cut that back into the show
me film here all universe and
I want to hear a story about the
point hopefuls like Europe
so I guess on that story plus I
got to hear talk about past
present future
and it was almost like you're
all birds
min known each other but that
interview felt like
we've known each other for
twenty years so that for me that
was
it worked well